Enhance the tbl property of a parametricbootstrap result (#702)
JuliaStats/MixedModels.jl: docs/src/bootstrap.md

```@example Main
dyestuff = MixedModels.dataset(:dyestuff)
m1 = fit(MixedModel, @formula(yield ~ 1 + (1 | batch)), dyestuff)
```

> To bootstrap the model parameters, first initialize a random number generator then create a bootstrap sample and extract the `tbl` property, which is a `Table` - a lightweight type of dataframe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To bootstrap the model parameters, first initialize a random number generator then create a bootstrap sample and extract the `tbl` property, which is a `Table` - a lightweight dataframe-like object.
```

Author: Agreed
